Updated some README's (#188)
arfc/moltres: README.md

```

You may also compile a debug version of Moltres by replacing the last line in 

> `build_libmesh_and_moltres.sh` with `METHOD=dbg make

Author: Is there another file used? Or does the entire sentence need to be removed?

> `build_libmesh_and_moltres.sh` with `METHOD=dbg make

Reviewer: The sentence now refers to the code block directly above it. The code block doesn't show here because no changes were made there.

repository. Each pull request is automatically tested for style and for whether
it breaks any of the core Moltres physics capabilities.

> A full list of contributing guildeines can be found [here](https://github.com/arfc/blob/devl/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full list of contributing guildeines can be found [here](https://github.com/arfc/moltres/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

Reviewer: @abachma2 You missed this change here

Author: My bad. Thought I got that one.
